enhancement(route transform): add _unmatched route (#11875)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/highlights/2022-03-22-0-21-0-upgrade-guide.md

- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-rust/latest/dg/credentials.html
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-rust/latest/dg/environment-variables.html

#### Route transform metric `event_discarded_total` removed {#transform-route-metric}

Until now, when using the `route` transform, if an event didn't match any configured route, this event would be
discarded and lost for the following transforms and sinks.

> A new `_unmatched` route has now been introduced and the events are no longer discarded, making the `RouteEventDiscarded`
> event and the `event_discarded_total` metric irrelevant. They are now being dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new `_unmatched` route has now been introduced and the events are no longer discarded, making the `event_discarded_total` metric irrelevant so it has been dropped.

You can still get the total number of events that match no routes via `component_events_sent_total` with a tag of `output=_unmatched`.
```
